Fit the title and add GADF reference into the data flow page (#5785)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/user-guide/package.rst

:ref:`Fig. 1 <data_flow>` illustrates the standard analysis flow and the corresponding
sub-package structure of Gammapy. Gammapy can be typically used with the configuration
based high level analysis API or as a standard Python library by importing the functionality

> from sub-packages. Using data under the `Gamma Astro Data Formats`_, the different data levels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from sub-packages. Using data distributed following the `Gamma Astro Data Formats`_, the different data levels
```

Reviewer: Is this important here?
